# hobbyutil

Click [here](./project_list.md) to go to the projects page to read their
descriptions and download them.

This repository is for projects I've developed over the years for my various
hobbies.  Each project is a link which you can click on to get the file(s)
associated with the project.  For documents, the PDF form is typically the only
file included.  A project that contains more than one file will be a zip archive.
If you would like the source documents (usually constructed from an Open Office
document), email me at someonesdad1@gmail.com and I'll send you a zip file
containing the information that the project's data are constructed from.

For projects that are python scripts, I have standardized on python 3.6 for running
the scripts.  Many of these scripts have also been tested on python 2.7, but I am
no longer making the effort to keep things running with python 2.7, as python 3 is
mature and well-supported by the needed libraries.  If you see a script contain the
line

```from __future__ import division, print_function```

then it's probable that the script will run under python 2.7.  Where self-tests are
available, they will be python scripts that have the same name as the script with
'\_test' appended.

The ./projects file in the repository is used to keep track of the things that are
in this repository (its main function is to map the files on my hard disk to the
file(s) in the project).  Note there are more things in this projects file than are
packaged in the repository; the things that are not included have an 'ignore'
string set, along with the reason for ignoring the project's contents.  Over time,
I'll get more of these projects on-line, but they require maintenance.  

This website contains updated information from a Google Code site; Google Code went
defunct in 2014.

## Archival

This is the third website that I have hosted this stuff on and I'm sure it won't be
the last.  My wish is that I could just leave it in one place and be confident that
it would remain available to interested folks for a few decades, even after I'm
dead.  But that's just not going to happen because a few years is a long time on
the web.  Who can see what will happen to Github a few years down the road after
Microsoft purchases it?  I don't have a good solution to this problem.  About the
most pragmatic thing is that lots of people copy this repository to other places
and share it with other folks.

## License

Currently, most of the scripts are under the Open Software License version 3.0.
This is a copyleft license; I am contemplating putting everything under the Apache
2.0 license, which is not a copyleft license.  Regardless, my basic intent is 
that this stuff should be free to whomever wants it as long as they keep the copyright
message and clearly mark it as modified if they change it.
